SM-5613 - document optional asd description (#474)
departmentfortransport/street-manager-docs: docs/api-documentation/V1.24/index.md

This section lists any significant changes made to this document (and by extension, the API interfaces themselves) introduced by each recent and upcoming future release.
{: .govuk-body}

Version 1.24 (28/05/2020):
{: .govuk-heading-s}

Updated Works API with the following changes:
{: .govuk-body}
<ol class="govuk-list govuk-list--bullet">

>   <li>PermitASD model has been updated to make <code>special_desig_description</code> optional. This is currently a documentation change only. The functionality will be implement in a future release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <li>PermitASD model has been updated to make <code>special_desig_description</code> optional. This is currently a documentation change only. This functionality will be implemented in a future release.
```

  </li>
</ol>

Updated Street Lookup API with the following changes:
{: .govuk-body}
<ol class="govuk-list govuk-list--bullet">

>   <li>AdditionalSpecialDesignationsResponse model has been updated to make <code>special_desig_description</code> optional. This is currently a documentation change only. The functionality will be implement in a future release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <li>AdditionalSpecialDesignationsResponse model has been updated to make <code>special_desig_description</code> optional. This is currently a documentation change only. This functionality will be implemented in a future release.
```
